# Shinkansen-Travel-Experience-Classification
Customers form the pillar of any business.Customers are important because they drive revenues; without them, businesses cannot continue to exist.All businesses compete with other companies to attract customers. So customer review is of utmost importance if a business wants to grow.At present through the use of data, predicting whether a customer would be satisfied or not has become quite crucial. If the companies can understand beforehand that a customer would be unhappy, they can take some relevant measures, as no business wants dissatisfied customers.This problem statement is based on the Shinkansen Bullet Train in Japan, and passengers’ experience with that mode of travel.There was a Survey data taken from over 95K passengers. The on-time performance of the trains along with passenger information is in a file named ‘Traveldata_train.csv’. These passengers were later asked to provide their feedback on various parameters related to the travel along with their overall experience. These collected details are made available in the survey report ‘Surveydata_train.csv’.
The goal of the problem is to predict whether a passenger was satisfied or not considering his/her overall experience of traveling on the Shinkansen Bullet Train. 
The models that we have used here are - Logistic Regression,KNN Model,Grid search on Bagging with decision tree , Grid search on ADA Boost with decision tree.
Grid Search on Bagging with Decision Tree exhibited the best performance with an impressive accuracy of 95% on the test data.
